README.md, before:

Describe: splitIntoArray()

Test: "It should split numbers into an array"
Code: returnArray(543);
Expected Output: [5, 4, 3]

Describe: addNumsBelowInput()

Test: "It should return all numbers below input number, ending with input num"
Code: addNumsBelowInput(5);
Expected Output: [0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5]


Describe: replaceOnesWithBeep()

Test: "it should numbers of any length containing 1 with 'Beep!' "
Code: replaceOnesWithBeep(1004)
Expected Output: "Beep!"


Describe: replaceTwosWithBoop()

Test: "it should numbers of any length containing 2 with 'Boop!' "
Code: replaceTwosWithBeep(3332)
Expected Output: "Boop!"

Describe: replaceThreesWithNeighbor()

Test: "it should numbers of any length containing 3 with 'Won't you be my neighbor?' "
Code: replaceThreesWithNeighbor(453)
Expected Output: "Won't you be my neighbor?"

Describe: myNeighbor()

Test: "it should reorganize separate replace functions into one to apply branching"
Code: myNeighbor(123)
Expected Output: "Won't you be my neighbor?"


Describe: splitIntoArray()

Test: "It should put numbers into an array"
Code: returnArray(543);
Expected Output: [543]


Describe: addNumsBelowInput()

Test: "It should put numbers below the input number into an array"
Code: addNumsBelowInput(9)
Expected Output: [0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9]

Test: "It should include numbers with multiple digits"
Code: addNumsBelowInput(11)
Expected Output: [0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11]
FAIL

Describe: myNeighbor()

Test: "It should turn the input numbers into strings"
Code: myNeighbor(11)
Expected Output: [0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11]


Describe: myNeighbor()

Test: "It should loop through numbers and output all numbers before into an array"
Code: myNeighbor(11)
Expected Output: [0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11]

Commit message:

WIP: find what is being stored in the result array

README.md, after:

Describe: splitIntoArray()

Test: "It should split numbers into an array"
Code: returnArray(543);
Expected Output: [5, 4, 3]

Describe: addNumsBelowInput()

Test: "It should return all numbers below input number, ending with input num"
Code: addNumsBelowInput(5);
Expected Output: [0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5]


Describe: replaceOnesWithBeep()

Test: "it should numbers of any length containing 1 with 'Beep!' "
Code: replaceOnesWithBeep(1004)
Expected Output: "Beep!"


Describe: replaceTwosWithBoop()

Test: "it should numbers of any length containing 2 with 'Boop!' "
Code: replaceTwosWithBeep(3332)
Expected Output: "Boop!"

Describe: replaceThreesWithNeighbor()

Test: "it should numbers of any length containing 3 with 'Won't you be my neighbor?' "
Code: replaceThreesWithNeighbor(453)
Expected Output: "Won't you be my neighbor?"

Describe: myNeighbor()

Test: "it should reorganize separate replace functions into one to apply branching"
Code: myNeighbor(123)
Expected Output: "Won't you be my neighbor?"


Describe: splitIntoArray()

Test: "It should put numbers into an array"
Code: returnArray(543);
Expected Output: [543]


Describe: addNumsBelowInput()

Test: "It should put numbers below the input number into an array"
Code: addNumsBelowInput(9)
Expected Output: [0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9]

Test: "It should include numbers with multiple digits"
Code: addNumsBelowInput(11)
Expected Output: [0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11]
FAIL

Describe: myNeighbor()

Test: "It should turn the input numbers into strings"
Code: myNeighbor(11)
Expected Output: [0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11]


Describe:  console.Log(result + " -result");

Test: "It should check that the result is being pushed to the output array"
Code: 
Expected Output:
